Add a guide on bind groups (#469)
software-mansion/TypeGPU: apps/typegpu-docs/src/content/docs/guides/bind-groups.mdx

---
title: Bind Groups
description: A guide on how to use the TypeGPU Bind Groups and Bind Group Layouts.
draft: true
---

## What are Bind Groups and Bind Group Layouts?

> If you are already familiar with WebGPU, you might know what bind groups and bind group layouts are. In that case, you can skip this section.

Reviewer: We can link the next section for convenience. This link should work, but please confirm 🤞.

```suggestion
If you are already familiar with WebGPU, you might know what bind groups and bind group layouts are. In that case, you can [#typegpu-approach](skip to the next section).
```

Author: `[skip to the next section](#typegpu-approach)` works 👍
